Add file logging outlet (#756)
zrepl/zrepl: docs/configuration/logging.rst

Outlets are the destination for log entries.

.. _logging-outlet-file:

``file`` Outlet
-----------------

.. list-table::
    :widths: 10 90
    :header-rows: 1

    * - Parameter
      - Comment
    * - ``type``
      - ``file``
    * - ``level``
      -  minimum  :ref:`log level <logging-levels>`
    * - ``format``
      - output :ref:`format <logging-formats>`
    * - ``time``
      - always include time in output (``true`` or ``false``). Default is ``true``.
    * - ``log_level``
      - include log level into output (``true`` or ``false``). Default is ``true``.
    * - ``filename``
      - path of the log file
    * - ``template``
      - format output by Go template string

Writes all log entries with minimum level ``level`` formatted by ``format`` to
file from ``filename``. This outlet automatically detects the log file was
rotated and reopens it.

> If ``template`` configured, log entries formatted by this template. For instance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If ``template`` is configured, log entries are formatted using this template. For instance
```
